mgmt, local generation for Microsoft.Network API Version 2024-07-01 (#45455)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/resourcemanager/azure-resourcemanager-network/CHANGELOG.md

## 2.51.0-beta.1 (Unreleased)

### Breaking Changes

> - The details that query used to fetch are now ingested directly in Customer's log Analytics workspace and hence query operation is no more valid on connection Monitor resource now.

Reviewer: - Removed `query` from `ConnectionMonitor`. Its functionality is now provided by Log Analytics service.

> - The details that query used to fetch are now ingested directly in Customer's log Analytics workspace and hence query operation is no more valid on connection Monitor resource now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed `query` from `ConnectionMonitor`. Its functionality is now provided by Log Analytics service.
```

Author: Fixed by [commit#877beac](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/45455/commits/877beac9261417b2b8748ba5f780045e6351671a)

> - Start is deprecated now  - the put call for ConnectionMonitor starts as well. There is no explicit start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed `start` from `ConnectionMonitor`. It'll be started upon creation, hence no need for an explicit start.
```

Author: Fixed by [commit#877beac](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/45455/commits/877beac9261417b2b8748ba5f780045e6351671a)
